good night, jeferson, good night, daniel, evaluate
if it does not come now on the screen
It's with the everyday now tancredo aves neves
they invented that viaduct
in those two viaducts he is to unburden this transit
ledo mistake
is increasingly in the bottle of this avenue
Why are you getting in a bottle?
what is it to be to win the mayor joão carlos paes mendonça
Who's running the city now?
next to the new mall
took all the works
and decided to execute them
bought four walkways spent 100 million
already paraded that viaduct that had undone is forcing people
have to make the turn on the parallel avenue
to vidal luna there
I'm the one to beat the mayor of the city now is joão carlos paes
mendonça
the young saviors the pivot limit
are the most benefited
in this history of municipal administration
watch
I even feared the rare bird in front
two thousand and 600 buses passing by
it is forbidden to sell an act with some water at the door of the iguatemi that rap a
footprint
pak on the citizen
has to be clean
to please
iguatemi's personal now you now hear the southern price and another name
joão carlos paes mendonça
doing what you want in the city
then the suggestion of a perfect car of a car
I get the avenue and boot denounced shops
and psb will have got me another measure adopted not only by pm
It is for these and other attention that I am saying that this is not a
prefecture of popular participation 'that popular
This is the city hall.
of elite participation
prefecture of shell participation them
that the elites are getting along well
with this management